Hello,

There is good news and bad news. First, the bad news, from the W list (aka “What the ****” list)
1.	On our first day in the office we did not get our access cards straight away, meaning we needed to be let in and out of buildings, which was particularly annoying (and unhealthy) for those of us in Wiltshire because it was a hot day and we needed to wait in the greenhouse effect glass tunnel
2.	Instructions for setting up remote access with SecurID ran mostly on the assumption of a replacement token being issued; setting it up first time was not clearly explained
3.	An undocumented keyboard shortcut (Scroll Lock + Scroll Lock + Enter or something like this) switches some (but not all) slim client receivers to a peculiar mode (for laptops?) which essentially makes the screen go black and the user need to call for help from fellow deskmates who happen to know the trick
4.	Phone setup was clumsy and incomplete for some (how can you not be granted access to the Logout app?!) and the initial PIN was not the one we had set, but 54321 for everybody, printed black on white on the instructions that we had received.
5.	Common number-dialling details nobody specifies to newcomers: Put 90 in front of phone numbers, put 0100200 in front of TP numbers
6.	“You haven’t filled in your timesheet (that no one ever told you about), so you will be reported to senior management.” Moreover, you cannot fill it in whatsoever because of no allocated task in the system. Of course, a later email clarified the situation, but everybody would have been much better off without these moments of fright ever occurring.
7.	I received calls from a person in a high position in Operations at HSBC because my number used to belong to somebody in a high position in Operations at JPMC. They must have had a pretty bad customer experience entering a phone redirection loop while I attempted to forward the call to the right person, who despite no longer working in JPMC still existed in the phone book and had the same number as myself. Moral of the story:
a.	Do not reuse phone numbers from senior management to interns
b.	Make it apparent in the phonebook that a certain person no longer works here and clear the contact details
8.	Browsers are forcibly set up to erase sessions when being closed and/or when the system is restarted. Combined with the mandatory periodic maintenance restart, this generates a hassle for reasons I fail to understand
9.	“Please terminate all your accounts and repositories that you used during the Hackathon to build products that we are all very interested in your long-term business view of.”

There is also good news, from the A (“Awesome”) list:
1.	go/ links are the most beautiful web browsing enhancement in my life so far
2.	All JPMC people (including myself) love video conferences and the TP system
3.	The “Button ticket” system is actually not a black hole as I had feared, but quite the opposite, with real people video-calling you to assist with solving any issue

Regards,
Teodor
